PROCEDURE FOR AIRLINE RESERVATION SYSTEM:
1) Install Node.js application in your machine. Node Package Manager (npm) comes along with installlation of Node.
2) Install MySQL Relational Database Management System (RDBMS) in your machine. You can use any other DBMS also.
3) Create a folder named AIRLINE RESERVATION PROJECT and add a app.js JavaScript file inside it.
4) Open a new terminal and type 'npm init -y' to  to set up a new npm package.A package.json file will be created.
5) Install express using the command 'npm install express' in the terminal. A package-lock.json file will be created.
6) To download and install "mysql" module, execute the followiing in the terminal: 'npm install mysql'.
7) To download and install "body-parser" module, execute the followiing in the terminal: 'npm install body-parser'.
8) To download and install "dotenv" module, execute the followiing in the terminal: 'npm install dotenv'.
9) To download and install "nodemon" module, execute the followiing in the terminal: 'npm install nodemon'.
10) To download and install "ejs" module, execute the followiing in the terminal: 'npm install ejs'.
11) Now Create a form.html file and type the code as given.
12) Create a new file named connection.js and type the following code to create a connection to the MySQL server.
13) Now in the ap.js file, to include neccesary module, use the require() function with the name of the module. For example, require('express').
14) now in app.js include various functions for implementing READ, UPDATE and DELETE operations and other statements as given.
15) Create .env file and include various attributes for establishing proper connection with MySQL Database.
16) Create a folder 'views' and add files, display.ejs and update.ejs files.
17) Type the code as given in the respective display.ejs file. This file will be displayed when navigating to localhost:3000 in the web browser.
18) Type the code as given in the update.ejs file, which is used to input New Passenger data for UPDATE operation.
19) Create a style.css stylesheet to stlye the display.ejs and update.ejs files, and include externally, the styl.css file in the two ejs files.
20) in the terminal start the Server by giving in the commmand- 'nodemon app.js'.
21) In your Web Browser, type localhost:3000 to view the display.ejs file content.
22) Enter the required passenger data in the form attached below 'YOUR TRAVEL' .
23) Update the particulat Travel information as required and save it.
24) Delete the travel information whenever neccesary.
25) Thus Arlne Resevation System was created and CRUD operations were successfully executed.